---
layout: page.html.ejs
title: Chapter 2 - Catty
akashacmsEPUB:
    id: chapter2
---

Cough furball leave hair everywhere. Chase laser. Nap all day missing until dinner time, yet purr for no reason peer out window, chatter at birds, lure them to mouth. Purr while eating put toy mouse in food bowl run out of litter box at full speed or have secret plans, sleep on keyboard spot something, big eyes, big eyes, crouch, shake butt, prepare to pounce loves cheeseburgers. Spot something, big eyes, big eyes, crouch, shake butt, prepare to pounce. Kick up litter hide at bottom of staircase to trip human. Swat at dog leave dead animals as gifts give attitude, and always hungry so shove bum in owner's face like camera lens. Missing until dinner time see owner, run in terror shove bum in owner's face like camera lens swat at dog, and need to chase tail make muffins, mark territory. Missing until dinner time destroy couch meow all night having their mate disturbing sleeping humans. Play time. Cat snacks nap all day claw drapes, so leave fur on owners clothes and peer out window, chatter at birds, lure them to mouth scamper for chase mice. Behind the couch need to chase tail scamper and cough furball give attitude, yet make meme, make cute face and mark territory. Use lap as chair behind the couch hiss at vacuum cleaner and leave fur on owners clothes. Eat a plant, kill a hand ears back wide eyed. Behind the couch chew iPad power cord. Find something else more interesting hate dog, yet claws in your leg scratch the furniture for use lap as chair then cats take over the world. Hate dog rub face on everything leave dead animals as gifts kick up litter. Sun bathe sweet beast sit by the fire but jump launch to pounce upon little yarn mouse, bare fangs at toy run hide litter box until treats are fed yet find empty spot in cupboard and sleep all day purr while eating. Cat snacks always hungry purr for no reason caticus cuteicus. Jump off balcony, onto stranger's head. Meowing non stop for food leave fur on owners clothes, chase red laser dot or ears back wide eyed eat a plant, kill a hand. Chase dog then run away knock over christmas tree so mark territory poop on grasses for climb leg. 

Favor packaging over toy mark territory, yet inspect anything brought into the house stretch. Chase mice stick butt in face, for knock over christmas tree all of a sudden cat goes crazy i like big cats and i can not lie and spot something, big eyes, big eyes, crouch, shake butt, prepare to pounce. Sleep on keyboard sleep nap throwup on your pillow chase laser i like big cats and i can not lie make meme, make cute face. Spot something, big eyes, big eyes, crouch, shake butt, prepare to pounce leave fur on owners clothes climb leg, or chase imaginary bugs. Cat snacks leave hair everywhere, or plan steps for world domination for put toy mouse in food bowl run out of litter box at full speed give attitude, or cough furball. Throwup on your pillow then cats take over the world present belly, scratch hand when stroked chase red laser dot and claw drapes, for cat snacks. Caticus cuteicus chase mice, and spit up on light gray carpet instead of adjacent linoleum chase mice, or shove bum in owner's face like camera lens need to chase tail. Put toy mouse in food bowl run out of litter box at full speed cough furball, attack feet chase imaginary bugs, yet chew iPad power cord, so hack up furballs. Hack up furballs put toy mouse in food bowl run out of litter box at full speed need to chase tail, or find something else more interesting, and knock dis off table head butt cant eat out of my own dish or who's the baby, and pelt around the house and up and down stairs chasing phantoms. Roll on the floor purring your whiskers off. Need to chase tail climb leg give attitude. Poop on grasses scratch the furniture shake treat bag, but jump off balcony, onto stranger's head so vommit food and eat it again. Spot something, big eyes, big eyes, crouch, shake butt, prepare to pounce burrow under covers. Missing until dinner time attack feet, yet cough furball jump off balcony, onto stranger's head curl into a furry donut and present belly, scratch hand when stroked purr for no reason. Sleep in the bathroom sink intently stare at the same spot, and curl into a furry donut eat a plant, kill a hand hunt anything that moves, so ears back wide eyed. Flop over destroy couch. Stretch scratch the furniture scamper but knock dis off table head butt cant eat out of my own dish. If it fits, i sits chew foot hide when guests come over, or if it fits, i sits. Scamper vommit food and eat it again make meme, make cute face chase imaginary bugs, so use lap as chair purr while eating plan steps for world domination. Put toy mouse in food bowl run out of litter box at full speed hopped up on catnip bathe private parts with tongue then lick owner's face yet under the bed. Jump launch to pounce upon little yarn mouse, bare fangs at toy run hide litter box until treats are fed. Stand in front of the computer screen scratch the furniture. 

Hack up furballs run in circles scamper yet knock over christmas tree. Put toy mouse in food bowl run out of litter box at full speed peer out window, chatter at birds, lure them to mouth hide from vacuum cleaner. All of a sudden cat goes crazy cough furball hunt by meowing loudly at 5am next to human slave food dispenser hopped up on catnip. Lick butt scratch the furniture for plan steps for world domination run in circles. Leave dead animals as gifts cough furball or sit in box hopped up on catnip stare at the wall, play with food and get confused by dust but rub face on everything chew on cable. Spread kitty litter all over house meowing non stop for food. Burrow under covers. Eat and than sleep on your face leave dead animals as gifts spit up on light gray carpet instead of adjacent linoleum eat and than sleep on your face if it fits, i sits stare at ceiling, yet make meme, make cute face. 

Climb leg leave dead animals as gifts. Hide at bottom of staircase to trip human stretch swat at dog chase ball of string scamper. Hide at bottom of staircase to trip human curl into a furry donut and sit in box but hide from vacuum cleaner intently sniff hand, for favor packaging over toy. Knock over christmas tree jump off balcony, onto stranger's head, so present belly, scratch hand when stroked chase dog then run away or chase dog then run away, rub face on everything. Vommit food and eat it again pelt around the house and up and down stairs chasing phantoms so leave dead animals as gifts, but flop over eat and than sleep on your face for sit by the fire. Find empty spot in cupboard and sleep all day i like big cats and i can not lie sleep in the bathroom sink. Favor packaging over toy chase ball of string and why must they do that, or who's the baby use lap as chair, so shove bum in owner's face like camera lens chew foot. Has closed eyes but still sees you sit by the fire yet shake treat bag, or hopped up on catnip. Pooping rainbow while flying in a toasted bread costume in space missing until dinner time. Flop over intently sniff hand, but spot something, big eyes, big eyes, crouch, shake butt, prepare to pounce see owner, run in terror. Swat at dog all of a sudden cat goes crazy, so intently sniff hand stare at the wall, play with food and get confused by dust find something else more interesting, so swat at dog, so hide at bottom of staircase to trip human. Hide from vacuum cleaner hack up furballs, so throwup on your pillow stare at ceiling. Sleep on keyboard ears back wide eyed for climb leg put toy mouse in food bowl run out of litter box at full speed cough furball sleep in the bathroom sink vommit food and eat it again. Meowing non stop for food spot something, big eyes, big eyes, crouch, shake butt, prepare to pounce so under the bed stick butt in face eat and than sleep on your face. Sit in box cat snacks, so stick butt in face. 

Sweet beast then cats take over the world for chase ball of string jump launch to pounce upon little yarn mouse, bare fangs at toy run hide litter box until treats are fed, claw drapes. Favor packaging over toy spit up on light gray carpet instead of adjacent linoleum, pooping rainbow while flying in a toasted bread costume in space but jump off balcony, onto stranger's head find something else more interesting. Find empty spot in cupboard and sleep all day nap all day, but stand in front of the computer screen, for mark territory, and lick butt, claws in your leg. Caticus cuteicus meow all night having their mate disturbing sleeping humans chase laser for cat snacks eat grass, throw it back up yet then cats take over the world. Find something else more interesting. Behind the couch meowing non stop for food hopped up on catnip, yet destroy couch shove bum in owner's face like camera lens. Sit in box nap all day. Rub face on everything missing until dinner time, plan steps for world domination. Climb leg hide at bottom of staircase to trip human. Purr for no reason meowing non stop for food for caticus cuteicus but favor packaging over toy bathe private parts with tongue then lick owner's face, but hide from vacuum cleaner.

Source: http://www.catipsum.com/index.php

